README.md, before:

Readme for Project2 in Programming for Data Analysis
***
Author: Phelim Barry

The contents of this repository are available at https://github.com/PeeBs68/prog_da_project2

To execute the code the following applications are suggested:   
Anaconda Navigator v2.4.2   
Python v3.11.4   
VS Code: v1.82.2   
Jupyter Notebook: v6.5.4

***

### Introduction
The purpose of this notebook is to perform and analysis of paleo to present climate data focusing on areas such as CO2 levels, temperature anomolies and methane levesls. It will also present an analysis of Irish Rainfall and Temperature.


### CO2 vs Temperature Anomoly
In this section we look at the relationship netween CO2 levels and Temperature Anomolies for a date range between 800000 BC and present (2023).

### Global CH4 (Methane) Levels Analysis
Next we will look at CH4 levels globally and investigate it's relationship with CO2 and Temperature Anomolies.

### Irish Rainfall and Temperature Analysis
In this section we perform an analysis of Irish Data, in particular Rainfall levles and Temperature.

### Data Export
We firstly fuse the data from multiple data sources to a single dataframe and then export it to JSON and CSV file formats.

### Future Predictions
This section is to show how the future looks in terms of Temperature Anomoly based on current trends in CO2 levels.

Commit message:

Adding more analysis and references

README.md, after:

Readme for Project2 in Programming for Data Analysis
***
Author: Phelim Barry

The contents of this repository are available at https://github.com/PeeBs68/prog_da_project2

To execute the code the following applications are suggested:   
Anaconda Navigator v2.4.2   
Python v3.11.4   
VS Code: v1.82.2   
Jupyter Notebook: v6.5.4

***

### Introduction
The purpose of this notebook is to perform and analysis of paleo to present climate data focusing on areas such as CO2 levels, temperature anomolies and methane levesls. It will also present an analysis of Irish Rainfall and Temperature.


### CO2 Levels Analysis
In this section we look at CO2 levels for a date range between 800000 BC and present (2023).

### Temperature Anomoly Analysis
In this section we look at the Temperature Anomoly for a date range between 800000 BC and present (2023) where the measurement is the recorded temperature against the average temperature for the last 1000 years.

### Global CH4 (Methane) Levels Analysis
Next we will look at CH4 levels globally and investigate it's relationship with CO2 and Temperature Anomolies.

### Irish Rainfall and Temperature Analysis
In this section we perform an analysis of Irish Data, in particular Rainfall levles and Temperature.

### Data Export
We firstly fuse the data from multiple data sources to a single dataframe and then export it to JSON and CSV file formats.

### Further Analysis and Future Predictions
This section is to show how the future looks in terms of Temperature Anomoly based on current trends in CO2 levels.
